# 01-Sep-2016 ESLint TSC Meeting Notes

## Transcript

https://gitter.im/eslint/tsc-meetings/archives/2016/09/01

## Attending

* Nicholas Zakas (@nzakas) - TSC
* Ilya Volodin (@ilyavolodin) - TSC
* Brandon Mills (@btmills) - TSC
* Gyandeep Singh (@gyandeeps) - TSC
* Toru Nagashima (@mysticatea) - TSC
* Alberto Rodr√≠guez (@alberto) - TSC

## Topics

### Nomination of @kaicataldo for TSC

* Nominated by @nzakas
* He's done a massive amount of work lately and has been a major force in keeping code moving.
* :+1: from @alberto, @btmills, @ilyavolodin, @mysticatea

**Resolution:** @kaicataldo will be added as a TSC member following the meeting.

### Nomination of @JamesHenry as a committer

* Nominated by @nzakas
* He's been doing a ton of work on [typescript-eslint-parser](https://github.com/eslint/typescript-eslint-parser) including tracking down and fixing bugs, as well as teaching @nzakas about typescript along the way.
* :+1: from @ilyavolodin, @btmills, @alberto, @mysticatea, @gyandeeps

**Resolution:** @JamesHenry will be added as a committer following the meeting.

### https://github.com/eslint/eslint/issues/7006

* Should we add an `es2015` environment in addition to `es6`?
* Currently, `env` supports `es6`, whereas `ecmaVersion` supports `6` or `2015`.
* Supporting both `es6` and `es2015` environments would be complex and add potential for confusion.
* There is insufficient justification for a breaking change to rename `es6` to `es2015`.

**Resolution:** The `es6` environment will remain, and we will not add `es2015`, but we will use year-based naming for environments starting with 2017.

### https://github.com/eslint/eslint/issues/6974

* The proposal is to add an optional `parseForESLint` method to allow ESLint parsers to optionally provide shared-state services with the created tree. ESLint would still use `parse` if `parseForESLint` is not found.
* Parser services would be exposed to rules via `context.parserServices`.
* This would be useful for both TypeScript and Flow to be able to pass extended functionality for use in plugin rules.
* @ilyavolodin and @btmills were concerned about parser-specific rules, but neither objects for lack of a better idea.

**Resolution:** We will accept the issue to add parser services.

### Rotate Release Duties

* Now that we have push-button releases, I'd like to talk about setting up a schedule where we rotate who is responsible for each release (so it's not always me). It would basically involve verifying any last-minute PR merges, triggering the release, updating the blog post, announcing the release on twitter, and monitoring over the weekend to see if a patch release is needed (and then doing the patch release).
* Two people will be responsible for each release and the possible patch release that follows.
* Either @nzakas or @ilyavolodin will be the second for the first few to train the rest of the team.

**Resolution:** @btmills and @nzakas will do the September 9th release, and @gyandeeps and @ilyavolodin will do the September 23rd release.
